Added link to forms (#208)
piiano/vault-typescript: sdk/README.md

1. [Vault Client](./vault-client) - client to connect to the Vault
1. [Vault Encryption with TypeORM](./typeorm-encryption) - SDK to automatically encrypt/decrypt the TypeORM fields

> 2. [Vault PCI Forms](./forms) - process credit cards outside of PCI scope by automatically tokenizing it before submitting it to your backend

Reviewer: Should we specify it's specific to PCI? Technically it can be used to also to send emails/phone numbers/ and other sensitive information with the same flow

Author: The focus is PCI, I'll add sensitive data too

> 2. [Vault PCI Forms](./forms) - process credit cards outside of PCI scope by automatically tokenizing it before submitting it to your backend

Author: ```suggestion
2. [Vault PCI Forms](./forms) - processes sensitive data without exposing it to your systems by automatically tokenizing it before submitting it to your backend. Typical use case is for processing credit card numbersand still remaining outside of a PCI scope

```

1. [Vault Client](./vault-client) - client to connect to the Vault
1. [Vault Encryption with TypeORM](./typeorm-encryption) - SDK to automatically encrypt/decrypt the TypeORM fields

> 2. [Vault PCI Forms](./forms) - processes sensitive data without exposing it to your systems by automatically tokenizing it before submitting it to your backend. Typical use case is for processing credit card numbersand still remaining outside of a PCI scope

Author: ```suggestion
2. [Vault PCI Forms](./forms) - processes sensitive data without exposing it to your systems by automatically tokenizing it before submitting it to your backend. Typical use case is for processing credit card numbers and still remaining outside of a PCI scope

```
